README.md, before:

# Note-Taker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

 ## Description
 
The Note-Taker application writes and saves notes utilizing an Express.js back-end that will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.
 
 ## Table of Contents
 
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [Usage](#usage)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Credits](#credits)
 - [Questions](#questions)
 
 ## Installation
 
 To utilize this project, ensure you have installed Node.js version [18.17.0 LTS](nodejs.org/en). Clone the repository and run the "npm i" command in your integrated terminal. Following the installation, run "node server.js" to run the application in your local host. Your terminal will provide you with a link to launch the web page.
 
 ## Usage
 
To utilize the application, open the application in your browser and select "Get Started" from the home page. 

![Home Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Home%20Page.JPG)


Once on the notes page, simply start adding notes by providing a note title and note body with text. As you are adding the body text, you will see an option to clear the form or save the note. Select either to complete those actions. 

![Notes Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Notes%20Page%201.JPG)


See the note body for any note title by selecting the of-interest note from the left side of the page. You can also delete any note by selecting the red trash icon next to each respective note.

![Notes Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Notes%20Page%202.JPG)
 
 ## License
 
 Licensed under MIT (the 'License'); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 
 
 You may obtain a copy of the License by navigating to ![MIT License](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md).
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an 'AS IS' BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
 
 
 ## Credits
 
Starter code and reference code was utilized/repurposed from the 2023 UCONN Full Stack Coding Bootcamp. 
 
  
 ## Questions

 To reach me with additional questions, please contact me at the following email address: fkreuk@email.com.

 To visit my GitHub profile, simply navigate using the following link: [GitHub](https://github.com/f-kreuk).

Commit message:

deployed to heroku and added the link to heroku in ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Note-Taker

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

 ## Description
 
The Note-Taker application writes and saves notes utilizing an Express.js back-end that will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file. The application is deployed at the following ![Heroku Site](https://limitless-wildwood-41425-18aaa46d498f.herokuapp.com/).
 
 ## Table of Contents
 
 - [Installation](#installation)
 - [Usage](#usage)
 - [License](#license)
 - [Credits](#credits)
 - [Questions](#questions)
 
 ## Installation
 
 To utilize this project, ensure you have installed Node.js version [18.17.0 LTS](nodejs.org/en). Clone the repository and run the "npm i" command in your integrated terminal. Following the installation, run "node server.js" to run the application in your local host. Your terminal will provide you with a link to launch the web page.
 
 ## Usage
 
To utilize the application, open the application in your browser and select "Get Started" from the home page. 

![Home Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Home%20Page.JPG)


Once on the notes page, simply start adding notes by providing a note title and note body with text. As you are adding the body text, you will see an option to clear the form or save the note. Select either to complete those actions. 

![Notes Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Notes%20Page%201.JPG)


See the note body for any note title by selecting the of-interest note from the left side of the page. You can also delete any note by selecting the red trash icon next to each respective note.

![Notes Page](/public/assets/images/Note%20Taker%20Notes%20Page%202.JPG)
 
 ## License
 
 Licensed under MIT (the 'License'); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. 
 
 You may obtain a copy of the License by navigating to ![MIT License](https://www.mit.edu/~amini/LICENSE.md).
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an 'AS IS' BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License."
 
 
 ## Credits
 
Starter code and reference code was utilized/repurposed from the 2023 UCONN Full Stack Coding Bootcamp. 
 
  
 ## Questions

 To reach me with additional questions, please contact me at the following email address: fkreuk@email.com.

 To visit my GitHub profile, simply navigate using the following link: [GitHub](https://github.com/f-kreuk).
